{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf190
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \
Petri Juntunen 11236\
\
\
\
	\
				
\fs48 Design Fabrication Studio
\fs24 \
\
							 
\b Alternative Images
\b0 \
\
\
\
\
	My project will be about studying the possibilities of using novel materiel in producing\
photographic artworks by using laser and CNC techniques. Materiel will include black MDF, \
and different kind of acrylics/plexiglasses. \
\
As the base images I will use normal pixel photographs but also will rasterize them and even make vectors images. This is to study if one can speed up the process of engraving large images as \
traditionally the lasering and CNC techniques have been time-consuming, especially when making\
larger images. \
\
	With the black MDF & black acryl I will make images with different kind of rasters and lineart.\
Same will be repeated with clear acryl with varying thicknesses but the technology and images will be different. \
\
In the first version I will make sliced images from point cloud landscapes. The slices will be engraved separately each on a separate acrylic plate and then combined to create a \'933D\'94 image. \
In the second version I will CNC machine a point cloud image of various sized / depth dots on \
a thicker 10mm acrylic sheet. That final piece is to be lit with very directional light, and the shadows of the dots cast on a wall will finalize the image of that piece.\
\
\
\
\
\
}